- [Instructor] Let's talk in depth about the concept
of entity associations in JPA.
When we build an object model, it's common for the fields
of an object to reference other objects.
For example, an order may contain
a list of objects of type item.
When these objects or entities we need to map
these associations or relationships, which are not extremely
complex but it's more difficult
than simply mapping a table column.
In a relational database, tables are referenced
using a foreign key relationship.
So when we map an association in JPA, we are instructing
the entity manager on how to persist two objects
that have an underlying foreign key relationship
in the database between their tables.
There are several considerations
when mapping an entity association.
First, the cardinality of the relationship
must be determined.
It is critical to identify if the entities are related
through a one-to-one, one-to-many
or many-to-many relationship.
We must also determine if references exist
in one or both objects.
This is known as their direction.
Associations can be one directional, meaning only one entity
has a reference to the other or bidirectional meaning
both entities have relationships to the other.
Another consideration is what happens when a persistent
operation occurs on an entity associated
with another entity.
Does the operation on that entity, let's say an insert,
cascade to all the associated entities within that entity?
This is known as the cascade type.
The same concept applies to queries.
If we retrieve an entity, do we want to immediately retrieve
the associated entities?
Or should we wait to request them from the database
until they are referenced?
These characteristics of an association must be taken
into consideration in order to map them.
Let's analyze this simple one to one unidirectional mapping
which depicts a relationship between two tables,
catalog item and item description.
In this relationship, the catalog item table stores an item
which has a single description
in the item description table.
You will notice the foreign key resides in the catalog item
table which makes it the owner of the relationship.
This determines where we place the join column annotation
which maps the association by identifying the foreign key
used by the entity manager to join the tables.
We apply this annotation on the catalog item object
along with the one-to-one annotation to map the entities.
The one-to-one annotation denotes the fetch
and cascade types as well.
Here is the same association
just in it's bidirectional form.
The relationship becomes bidirectional by adding
the reference to the catalog item
on the item description object.
You will also notice that this reference needs annotated
with the one-to-one annotation which contains
the mapped by element.
That points to the item description field
on the catalog item object.
Here is a look an a unidirectional one-to-many relationship.
You will notice in this association, we apply a one-to-many
annotation to collect the reviews associated
with the catalog item.
This annotation uses the referenced column name element
to map the foreign key in the review table,
building the mapping for the association.
Here is the same relationship modeled as a bidirectional
relationship which causes the join column annotation
to shift to the owning side of the relationship
and the many-to-one annotation to be applied.
Finally, the most complex relationship to map
is a many-to-many, because it sometimes
requires a join table.
We do not create an entity for the join table
but do use the join table annotation to reference the table
and columns used to join the entities.
So that was a look at how entity associations are mapped.
Let's try a hands on lesson to see this concept in action.